things to do in :
formcreate.php.

1. create step sections for all the steps.
2. Add help icons for all. 
3. add erro checking for all. 
4. add an option to simply send an email instead of form to all reciepients. 
5. add option to send email or form link to all the reciepients. 
6. solve all the errors in the functionality.
7. add option to add 
company name, logo and tagline at the top and be able to edit and delete it. 
8. display of the all form names properly on left hand side. ( also put an option to edit personal info, includes global values for formname, comp logo and tagline)
9. make the your url link proper. 
10. make user folders and operate on uploading files properly. 
11. error checking on file uploads and making them essential in the response submit page. 

Okay :
error for adding fields when form name is not saved. 
handling:
Add expanding controls to each section. sections will not open if formname is not saved. essentially, $_SESSION['new'] should be set. 

user folders:
1. company logo file.(referecne will go in the formelems. 
2. user uploads for the form responses will also go here. folders for images , videos and docs. 

edit the form fields. 
1. field name editable. 
2. essential or unique editable. 
3. the option vals to be deleted or editable.

add regular expressions for the fields:(common to all, add a reg exp)
1. for strings : starts with ends with and length
add personal reg exp.
2. number : range can be defined. start and end. or length. if range is defined then length is not needed. and add a reg
3. date : pick up a date range. date between.
4. radio/check and select boxes dont need a reg exp. 
5. image field, regulate the types of images added. present an option of mostly available image formats. 
6. same for video. 
7. same for docs. 
9. text desc : length.  (default length to be set. )

- keep an option of collectively selecting fields and deletin them
- field name should be unique and not blank. 
- may be put one tag for unique and essential field. 

tomoro:
-get up and finish the editing part of the fields. 
-then implement the file uploading part from a diff page. 
- implement uploading and storing company information. 
- and based on that create the new look of the form presented to be filled in. 
- may be use  a color picker to choose the theme color for the form. 

Note :
option values are not been saved as of now. work on it later 
theme will require color set for :
bg1, bg2, bg3
font 1 , font 2, font3. Otherwise it will take default color vals. 

###
Companys infor on forms:
1. on load gloabal. add a text field whcih will show the name of the globallogo file. 
2. on submit goes to the same filehandle.
3. follow code alreadt written for credentials. 

for floating tabs:
1. pass array of objs. 
2. and wid20 or etc

remains in form create :
1. adding templates of select box:
range of numbers
countries. 
2. companys info for forms. 
3. theme addition.
4. option val editing and deletion. 
5. regex - standard or custom selection based on what is saved. and click on the other type should give  amessage to user that these values will the be unsaved, 